Simay
Quattro 
James

Experiment: Setting up routing tables in network simulator
This experiment sets up a basic routing table for a network layer and tries to find the shortest path for each neighbor.

Motivation: 
To be able to send or receive messages by using a routing table to pull up specific information on which path to take to get to destination most 
efficiently.

Experimental Setup: 
We use the provided network simulator to test out the routing protocol. The nodes in the simulator represent the ports that would normally be used 
in a physical set up. The edges represent the wires that would’ve been used. 

Expected Results:
Once a node is made, the routing table should be created at the same time. The routing table should traverse the initial node's neighbors and take 
in their names, addresses, which edge it's connected to and the number of hops it takes to get to that address. As the table gets filled in, it should 
add in the shortest possible path to take as the edge link. This feature of the table should update if there is any additional wiring or any cut offs. 
Once one routing table is done, the table of contents should be compared with other tables to get additional addresses that could be seen as the neighbors 
neighbor.

Results:
The general setting up of the routing tables were generally inspired from data structures and algorithms. Once the node adds itself to the table it 
traverses through the neighbors. However, traversing through all neighbors can consume a lot of time and power if applied to a big network. Not to 
mention, when the system is looking for the shortest possible path to add to the table it goes through all of the network just to fill up one column. 
Right now what we need to work on is to have the tables automatically update and work on efficiency. One idea that we could implement in the future to 
get the shortest path without traversing is that we could send signals through the wires and use clocktime to estimate which path would be most optimal. 
